Final Project

Installation
Backup database and uncomment db.create_all() in models.py after table definition.

Usage
Run response.py an proceed to the link given in terminal.

Afterwards you will be asked to type in the name of the coin you want to get news about. Then click "Submit" button, and you will be redirected to the "/coinname" page, but
with the text of the news of that coin you have entered and summarized version of this text below generated by huggingface.

Examples
I've entered "freicoin" at 21.11.2021 and got this response:

https://news.bitcoin.com/socialite-and-model-alexis-ren-doesnt-trust-the-dollar-economy-says-crypto-is-a-viable-alternative/

{"by Jamie Redman ","The American social media personality and model, Alexis Ren believes the fiat economy is “collapsing” and recently she told the press she thinks cryptocurrencies offer a viable alternative. In a recent interview, Ren explained her interest in crypto is fueled by the socialite’s reservations in the dollar-based economy. ","During the last 12 months, numerous analysts and economists have said that the U.S. economy faces uncertainty. At the end of October Robert Kiyosaki, the best-selling author of Rich Dad Poor Dad, explained that he believes America is “sliding into depression.” On Friday, Harvard economist Kenneth Rogoff told the media that he thinks “we’re on a knife-edge” in terms of where inflation in the U.S. is going. However, famed novelists, analysts, and American economists are not the only ones predicting bad times are ahead for the U.S. economy. ","Business Insider’s (BI) Jim Edwards discussed the subject with the socialite and model Alexis Ren after she’s been telling people that she thinks the economy is based on lies. “I think the economic structure we have been living on is a lie and it’s delusional and it’s just an agreement and so we need to find something better, and I think bitcoin and cryptocurrency is that,” Ren explained in a Youtube video she crafted called “Truth or Drink.” ","Speaking with Edwards, the Instagram star with 15 million followers told the BI reporter in a video call that the devaluation of USD is an issue. “They keep printing more of it, so that it has no value,” Ren stressed. “It used to be backed by gold and it’s not anymore. And so we don’t have any value except their belief and faith in it and that’s even scarier. Because now they’re just utilizing our faith in the dollar. And then there’s no set amount. And so there needs to be a new thing,” she went on to say. "," ","The popular model further detailed that the U.S. economy was “collapsing” and she highlighted that the current money creation issue is a never-ending cycle. “I know that but we’re in debt, so we’re trying, we’re printing more money to pay back debt and then we just keep accumulating more debt. It’s a black hole,” Ren said. The social media star thinks that the economic system is “not sustainable” and opined what she thinks American citizens want. “An economy that’s sustainable and that can move with us,” Ren added. ","The interview further explains Ren’s appreciation for cryptocurrencies and non-fungible token (NFT) assets. Ren is the founder of a tech platform called Yourstage.io and the project recently revealed its plans to tie NFTs to the company’s brand. Yourstage.io will leverage NFTs for a subscription to the service rather than cash payments. Concluding the interview with BI’s contributor Jim Edwards, Ren told the reporter that people should invest a small amount “in cryptocurrencies every month.” ","What do you think about the recent interview with the social media star and model Alexis Ren? Do you agree with her that the dollar-based economy is “collapsing” and cryptocurrencies are a viable alternative? Let us know what you think about this subject in the comments section below. ","Image Credits: Shutterstock, Pixabay, Wiki Commons ","Disclaimer: This article is for informational purposes only. It is not a direct offer or solicitation of an offer to buy or sell, or a recommendation or endorsement of any products, services, or companies. Bitcoin.com does not provide investment, tax, legal, or accounting advice. Neither the company nor the author is responsible, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on any content, goods or services mentioned in this article. ","US ‘Kidnapped’ Russian Crypto Businessman Denis Dubnikov, Lawyer Says ","U.S. law enforcement agents have “kidnapped” crypto entrepreneur Denis Dubnikov in Mexico, before transferring him to the Netherlands where he was arrested, his lawyer told Russian media. Dubnikov is suspected of money laundering and faces up to 20 years in ... read more. ","Austria Plans to Tax Cryptocurrencies Like Stocks, Vows Equal Treatment ","As a growing number of governments are looking to tap into crypto profits, authorities in Austria have indicated their intention to tax gains from digital asset investments just like those from stocks and bonds. The move is expected to increase ... read more. ","Check all the news here "}

socialite and model says the fiat economy is “collapsing” and she thinks cryptocurrencies offer a viable alternative . a recent interview, Ren explained her interest in crypto is fueled by her reservations in the dollar-based economy . economists and economists have said that the economy faces uncertainty . io will leverage NFTs for a subscription to the service rather than cash payments . the social media star told the reporter that people should invest a small amount in cryptocurrencies every month .